Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

For this assignment, I decided to get a jump start on my final project by developing a small video game playable in the command terminal. When you call the Game class, it creates a Game where you play a quest to defeat a dragon. On this quest, you can do all of the commands in the Contract interface. I implemented an additional class called Item that has a constructor and two overloaded constructors. The Item class also has a few accessors and manipulators. The objects in the Item class are used in the Game class to fight the dragon later on. My program begins by reading some instructions to the user. After that, it displays a list of commands and asks you to select a number which cooresponds to a specific command (I haven't had enough time to work on specific edge cases, so it will break if another type is put into the command line. I plan to fix this for the final project of course!). After that, the user will follow additional commands given by the program. The user will be able to collect Item objects through the use of a loot box mechanic which is possible to get by going to different coordinates on the 5x5 grid (the fly() and walk() methods). The user had options to drop (drop()) Items in their inventory, take a look at (examine()) the Item's description, health, and strength depending on the Item type, and hold on to (grab()) and Item. Eventually, the user can decide that they want to fight a dragon. In this fight, they have the opportunity to attack the dragon by using weapons (or their bare hands!), rest up to heal their hp, etc. In the end, the user will either win or lose the dragon fight. I added many additional methods for this program to run. Some important ones are the obtain() method which randomized the Item selection and adds an Item to the user's inventory, and the fight() command which allows the user to fight the dragon. I didn't run into many errors when creating my program. The largest error I had was when I tried to implement my contract and failed since I did not call the play() method on an instance of Game. I really had a lot of fun with this assignment and I hope you enjoy playing this game as much as I did making it!

Game Reviews
"This is the most frustrating game I've played in my life" - CSC Senior (after breaking my program via unsolved edge cases 6 different times)
"Honestly I loved playing this game!" - Also the same CSC Senior (after beating the game on attempt 7)